c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL_business_example.dll.config
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL_business_example.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL_business_example.pdb
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\obj\Debug\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL_business_example.dll
c:\users\igor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL business example\obj\Debug\LAB_MvcApplication4XXL_business_example.pdb
